[The Legend of Rosy Clouds]
[Episode 33]
Where is he?
Young lady.
Why are you tailing me?
I...
Who are you, exactly?
You're from the Zheng family, aren't you?
Since you're just one fine young lady,
I'll let you get away with this.
Go and tell Zheng Tao
that I won't easily die.
Warn him to be careful
when walking at night.
Wait, please tell me
who you really are.
Stop following me,
or I won't be this nice to you.
You just said...
Gao Ran!
Don't you dare hurt Fan Yun!
-Your name really is "Gao Ran."
-Tian Xing.
You imposter are
actually targeting me now.
Who on earth are you?
You're all eager to know my name, huh?
What is it that you're trying to do?
I should be the one asking you that.
With no regard to the law,
the Zheng family
detained a gate commander
of the Nine Cities illegally
and attempted to snatch my official seal.
-Your official seal?
-Your official seal.
Hold on.
Are you Liu Mu?
Who are you?
-We're on your side!
-Yes, we are!
So you two are the new gate commanders
appointed by the governor?
Tian Xing and I were both
personally assigned by the governor
to be the gate commanders of Jing City.
Let me comb through this.
The governor thought I was dead,
so he sent two new gate commanders over.
However,
with your official seals being stolen,
you can't prove your identities.
And you're
their dedicated military attaché.
That's good.
This way, I don't need to worry
about being held to blame
by the governor in Ling'an.
I meant to put this emergency in writing
and send a letter
to the governor
at the Qi Residence in Ling'an.
It seems that in your heart,
Gate Cdr. Liu,
I hold quite a special place.
"I"?
It turns out that you and Gao Ran
can swap identities with this.
So you're the governor then?
Yes, exactly.
Who else could I be?
Then the Q-Qi Residence...
Doesn't it mean
that the governor and I
have bonded through a fight?
Gate Cdr. Liu,
there's something I need to tell you.
The fact
that I've swapped identities with Gao Ran
must be kept confidential.
Can you do that?
Yes.
Besides,
for this trip to Jing City,
I hope you can serve as
an Assistant Officer to them
and be with them the entire time.
Will you do that?
I don't care about the title.
Fame and fortune mean nothing to me.
I'd love to follow along.
Good.
Today, by hosting this gathering,
I'd like to invite you merchants
to join Juyun Pavilion.
In the future,
Juyun Pavilion will set up operations
in Jing City.
What if we decline?
Then you will make
an enemy of Juyun Pavilion.
Well...
Young Master Lou, you must be extending
this cordial invitation
for a purpose, right?
Yes.
Right now, I need the help
of everyone present
to draw a map for me.
Please be more explicit, Young Master Lou.
What kind of map do you mean?
The defense layout of Jing City.
I'm afraid we can't
help you with that.
If the Zheng family finds out about it,
we'll be in serious trouble.
It is known to all
that the position
of the Zheng family's clan leader
will definitely be passed
onto Eldest Young Master Zheng.
-It's him.
-How could it be him?
You're saying Eldest Young Master Zheng
will be the next clan leader.
What do you all take me for then?
He seems to be Young Master Shi
of the Zheng family.
-What?
-Really?
Really. I've seen that man.
It truly is him.
He's Young Master Shi.
So this is Young Master Shi.
I am the legitimate grandson
of the previous clan leader, Elder Zheng,
as well as head of Juyun Pavilion
that dominates all the Nine Cities.
Everyone,
you're all veteran businessmen.
With a little consideration,
you'll clearly see
the benefits of joining Juyun Pavilion.
Anyway, I know just one thing.
That is, one is much better off
being friends
with Second Young Master Zheng
than being his foes.
Well...
This matter...
Today, I've already
told you my plan.
Whoever attempts to defy me
will not be able to leave this room.
We all pledge to follow you,
Young Master Shi.
A few months ago,
a fire suddenly happened
in the Gate Commander Residence.
Who had such nerve to set a fire
in the Gate Commander Residence?
When I find the arsonist,
I'll definitely...
This place is so creepy.
Let's work faster.
True that.
The Zheng family already rules Jing City.
Why must they have this official seal?
How foolish of you to say that.
Our job is to do
the masters' bidding.
Don't think or ask about it again.
Be quick.
It's going to rain!
Let's go.
Just leave it like this.
Good thing that I know
the breath-holding technique.
That's how I deceived those two idiots.
Otherwise, I would have died
with grievances.
So, since you came back to life,
you've been lying in wait here, collecting
information about the Nine Cities, right?
I thought about leaving,
but I had no one to turn to.
I thought about going home,
but I had nowhere to call home.
Hearing that Zheng Tao led troops
to Ling'an,
I dared not go anywhere
and chose to stay on standby.
Now, all is fine.
Seeing you guys feels
even better than seeing my own mother.
Why not buy a fish?
This one seems fresh.
I'll take it.
No problem.
Along with these two.
Sir,
you do have a good eye.
Look,
I just caught these fresh fish
from the lake this morning.
Do you never ask the price
before buying anything?
Will it be free of charge if I ask?
Of course it won't.
Then why even bother?
You'll pay for the fish.
Why me?
Sir, here are your fish.
Can you lower the price?
No, I can't.
Take care, sir.
Is everyone here yet?
Eldest Young Master, I wonder
why we were summoned here today.
Has the clan leader ring been recovered
and a new master decided
for the Zheng family?
Don't worry about that.
It is only a matter of time
before I find the clan leader ring.
Without the ring,
many things cannot be done.
-Yes.
-Exactly.
-Indeed.
-Right.
How do we cope without the ring?
What's there to do without the ring?
Desperate times
call for desperate measures.
A lot has happened
in the Zheng family lately.
The old clan leader
passed away unexpectedly.
Zheng Tao's grandfather is being trapped
in Ling'an.
Now, the Zheng family is without a leader.
To add to that, the governor
is breathing down our necks.
I...
hereby recommend myself to temporarily
serve as the Zheng family's clan leader.
A hasty decision, isn't it?
Too much of a rush, right?
So hasty.
-Yes.
-Right.
In the long run...
A bit too hasty, huh?
-Yes.
-Too hasty.
Who agrees to it,
and who objects?
Eldest Young Master,
Young Master Shi just arrived.
What brings you here?
All the key relatives of the Zheng family
are gathered here.
How can I not be around?
Might as well tell you what happened.
Today,
the key relatives here have elected me
as the Zheng family's clan leader.
From today on, I am in charge
of the Zheng family.
Is that so?
Who agreed to it?
Step forward and let me see.
Father.
I want one more piece of candy.
There's none.
Next time,
I'll bring you some more, alright?
What...
What did you feed my son?
Father,
the candy he gave me is so delicious.
Please ask him to give me some more.
I believe you've heard
how the Shadow Slay League
executes tasks.
If Young Master Shi gets to be
the clan leader as he wishes,
everyone will have their share of candy.
Otherwise...
I shall take my leave.
I suppose you're not so popular, Jin.
The clan leader election is approaching.
Why rush to become an acting master
at this time?
Zheng Shi.
No need for such sarcastic remarks.
Everyone,
with my grandfather gone
and the gate commander missing,
Jing City is in chaos.
Worried about the instability
in Jing City, the governor
appointed Fan Yun and Tian Xing
to be the new gate commanders here.
It is also a test.
As expected,
the Zheng family is divided
and lacks unity.
I wish to take my grandfather's place
in guarding Jing City.
For that, I have to resort to
extreme measures.
Please forgive me.
Who do you think you are...
to even talk about
protecting the Zheng family?
Fan Yun is absolutely involved
in the old clan leader's death.
You are so close to her.
Zheng Shi,
you plan to be a lackey
for the Nine Cities, don't you?
It is an unfounded speculation
that Fan Yun is related
to my grandfather's passing.
Now that you are all so wary of Fan Yun,
who will take office soon,
I volunteer to solve the problem myself.
I am going to marry her.
You're marrying Fan Yun?
That's right.
After I marry Fan Yun,
she'll be part of the Zheng family.
We the Zheng family members
never give each other a hard time.
What do you think of this solution?
It's worth a try.
Sounds like a safe option.
Brilliant.
This is brilliant.
During the clan leader election,
no one but Zheng family members
can enter Jing City.
If Fan Yun becomes
my second sister-in-law,
she'll be allowed into the city
to take office, right?
That's not going to happen!
Zheng Shi,
you're actually trying to help Fan Yun
take up her post
by proposing to marry her, aren't you?
It is the governor's decision to make
Fan Yun a gate commander of Jing City.
How is my help even needed?
I guess someone just wants
to stand in her way.
The position of gate commander
for Jing City will still be taken
by someone else, if not Fan Yun.
Suppose she doesn't take office
and a new gate commander is assigned
by the Nine Cities,
what are you going to do?
Irritating the Nine Cities by keeping
a new gate commander from her post...
Jin,
are you attempting a rebellion?
Have you thought it through?
Sir, don't let him get your goat.
And don't forget your plan.
Fine.
Since you have the gut to marry her,
I'll arrange a wedding for you.
I'll leave it to you then, Jin.
The few of us can't eat this much, right?
Your Excellency, it's a good thing
you were born into the Qi family.
If you were born
-into an ordinary family...
-I bought this much
because you were paying, alright?
Fan Yun told me
that one must eat properly,
regardless of any happenings.
The stomach is not to be mistreated.
That is true.
One can't come up with any ideas
with an empty stomach.
Listen,
how about you disguise yourself a bit?
If the Zheng family finds out
you're still alive,
there will be trouble again.
Your Excellency,
why not disguise yourself too?
If the Zheng family finds out
the governor is walking around the street,
it'll be more likely to cause trouble,
right?
You didn't know I'm the governor at first,
did you?
Outside Ling'an City,
who knows what the governor looks like?
If you ask me,
these whiskers of yours are really...
a giveaway.
Your Excellency, you have no idea.
Without these whiskers,
I'd look absolutely handsome.
No bragging.
I...
That's from Juyun Pavilion.
How magnificent.
Must be an influential family.
Gentlemen... what's this for?
We're delivering betrothal gifts
from the Zheng family.
The main item
is a pair of live wild geese
from Jing City,
along with countless secondary gifts.
This is to propose marriage
for the second son of the legitimate line,
Zheng Shi, to the precious daughter
of the Fan family.
For who?
Zheng Shi?
I'm also confused. Are you saying
Second Young Master Zheng
w-wants to marry me?
Exactly, Your Ladyship.
"Your Ladyship"?
This is Lord Fan.
Lord Fan came to Jing City
for important issues.
She's not to be trifled with.
Calm down.
I think there is
probably a reason for it.
Let me ask him again.
What else did
Young Master Shi say?
He also said
that Eldest Young Master has set up
an inescapable trap at the city gate.
Lord Fan, if you enter the city
at this time,
there is no way to guarantee your safety.
To help you gain entry,
Young Master Shi
proposes that you should be carried
in this bridal sedan chair
into the city as his future wife.
When this is done,
he won't force you to marry him.
He won't force me to marry him?
What did I tell you?
That man has long had his eye on you.
Even before you enter the city,
he has already shown a tell.
Go and tell your boss
to spare us all these fancy excuses.
We'll find a way to enter the city
on our own.
Take your things and leave now.
Scram!
Well, please leave.
We'll discuss the matter.
I'll take my leave then.
Let's go.
Discuss?
Easy on the tea.
Don't gulp down the tea leaves.
Or the result won't be accurate.
Here you are.
Perform a divination.
Find out when Fan Yun and others
will be back.
The tea leaves show the people
you're thinking about
have no fixed date of return.
It's a rather ominous sign.
Take a closer look.
The tea leaves fell off the side,
leading to an inaccurate reading.
I did tell you to slow down
on the drinking.
This doesn't count.
Next one.
I don't need any divination.
Are you looking down on me?
Of course not.
Then why won't you let me
perform a divination for you?
-I...
-If Gao Ran were here,
he'd definitely let me do it.
Fine then.
Perform a divination then.
On what, though?
How about your romantic life?
I...
Hurry up.
Drink the tea.
Do it now. Drink it.
The star of romance is in motion.
What an auspicious sign!
But it is pointing to...
Wait.
How come it is not
pointing to Jing City, where Fan Yun is?
You'd better look closely.
Who is it suggesting?
Report!
Zheng Tao from Jing City and Lord Lyu
are brawling at the palace gate!
How can they have a fight?
Come on.
Quickly take me to Huiyun Pavilion.
Oh, Zheng Tao...
Your Excellency,
as I was
coming out of the counsel hall
after finishing
some official business,
I bumped into him at the gate.
Without saying a word,
he came up and attacked me.
Look,
he even torn off my belt.
Give the ring back and I'll call it quits.
Ring?
What ring?
The clan leader ring of the Zhang family?
How could I possibly have
such an important item?
See for yourself!
This...
I can explain it to you.
Last time
when I had a falling-out
with Zheng,
he smashed the stuff that he gave me
as a gift.
He then fixed it
and sent it back to me.
That's why I wrote "received" here.
Oh, Zheng,
I was wondering
why you made me write a receipt.
As it turns out,
this is your real purpose.
Zheng, you really got me
into trouble, didn't you?
I don't care.
It is a fact that when my brother died,
only this man was with him.
You must be the right person
who I should ask for the ring!
THis is utterly improper.
Lord Lyu.
Tell me.
Where is
the clan leader ring now?
Wait, no.
I...
I-I...
How would I know
where that ring of your family is?
Be reasonable, Zheng Tao!
Hungry, aren't you?
Try this. See if you like it.
No. I don't have an appetite for it.
You haven't had a proper meal
along the entire journey.
Please just have a bite.
Fan Yun,
let me ask you.
What exactly is on your mind?
We just had the sweet dew tea that day,
didn't we?
Now, are you
going to marry someone else?
No, of course not.
Didn't those people just say
it was only an expedient plan to carry me
in the bridal sedan chair into the city?
It is in fact just feigning a marriage.
All of it is a mere act.
Besides, isn't gaining entry
to the city our priority now?
-Don't you think so?
-No more talking.
I've figured out a way.
You've figured out a way?
How should we proceed?
What is this?
The clan leader ring.
The Zheng family's clan leader ring.
Why do you have it?
Elder Zheng gave it to me.
By giving me this ring,
he meant to entrust Jing City to me.
The root cause of the Zheng family's mess
lies not in the surface,
but deep in the core.
So, the real purpose
of my trip to Jing City
is to first nip the brewing unrest
in Jing City in the bud,
and to select a proper clan leader
for the Zheng family
to boost Jing City's prosperity.
Only by doing so
will peace be restored for the people
in Jing City
and the rest of the Nine Cities.
Therefore,
now, with this ring, perhaps we can
enter the city without hustle.
I see.
Then, what took you so long
to finally tell me about it?
I was planning to assess the situation
upon arriving in Jing City
before telling you the truth
and discussing it with you.
Oh right, Qi Zheng.
Who else
knows about this?
Only you and me.
Only the two of us?
It doesn't feel right.
The Zheng family
have no scruples now.
When a non-member of the Zheng family
holds out this ring,
will they be convinced?
Even if the answer is yes,
after entering the city,
we'll surely become the target for all.
Think about it.
The fact
that Elder Zheng gave this ring to you
means he already
knew his family members were at variance.
At this particular time,
Zheng Shi willingly
lends us a helping hand
in suppressing the Zheng family.
Why don't we play along?
What's the point
of finding another way?
This is just too risky.
You say no to everything.
Is there any other way
besides letting you marry him?
Oh, wait.
What if I insist on finding
a different way despite all risks?
Come here.
W-What?
Trust me.
It will definitely work.
It's you.
Yes. Didn't see this coming, did you?
But in others' eyes,
the case might be different.
Anyway,
I owe you a thank you.
I'm just doing what I should.
I'm afraid you can't stay
at the Gate Commander Residence anymore.
Nonetheless, I've prepared
a room for you in the Zheng Residence.
Hold on.
This is enough acting.
Don't push your luck
or forget who you really are.
Lord Gao, how come you've been sounding
a bit jealous these days?
Do I sound jealous?
Thank you for such kindness,
Second Young Master Zheng.
We need to get in to deal with
official business.
We'd rather not bother the Zheng family.
I'll walk you in then.
What place you think
the Gate Commander Residence is?
It's a government office of importance.
Plain commoners such as yourself
had better stay out.
Not just Jing City–
in the entire Ling'an,
there isn't a place I can't go.
Second Young Master Zheng,
I think Gao Ran has a point.
The Gate Commander Residence
is indeed a government office.
It wouldn't be appropriate to let you
come and go freely here.
It'll cause much trouble
if people hold it against you.
Fine.
You care about me,
so I'll listen to you.
Let's go.
Thank you, Second Young Master Zheng!
Shi has really gone crazy.
He actually opened the city gate
to welcome Fan Yun in.
What a disgrace to the Zheng family.
Please don't be mad, Eldest Young Master.
Today's bride welcoming ceremony
was simply a bluff.
It was not held
in a legitimate name
or a proper way.
How can I not be mad?
At this rate,
I'm afraid even the Zheng ancestors
in heaven
would be enraged.
In my opinion,
this is not necessarily a bad thing.
You see, sir,
the clan leader ring
is nowhere to be found.
It seems
that the election has lost its basis.
That said, in this situation,
people's support weighs more in choosing
the next clan leader.
People's support?
What Young Master Shi did today has truly
brought shame to the family.
The key relatives of the Zheng family
and even everyone else in Jing City
witnessed it.
After all,
no one hopes
that the master of their choice
is a weak and incompetent man
who disgraces the Zheng family, right?
You do have a point.
Shi degraded himself
in order to marry Fan Yun,
practically to the state
of kneeling and begging.
It was a sheer disgrace.
How are things going?
Has all the stuff arrived
at the warehouse?
Yes, every piece of it.
I see you've been getting quite close
to Shi lately.
Do you intend to follow in his footsteps
and try to humiliate me?
Why would I do that?
I'm just feeling...
there must be misunderstanding
between you two.
I'd hate to see you brothers
fight each other.
What misunderstanding could there be?
Are you trying
to put in a good word for him with me?
You should look at what he has done.
Shi must have done...
what he did
in the Zheng family's interests.
Fan Yun is from the Fan family after all.
She's also the new gate commander.
If...
she marries into the Zheng family,
many problems
will be easily solved.
The whole Zheng family
will be greatly encouraged
and break away from our current decline.
Seems like the Gate Commander Residence
hasn't been
attended to for a long time
since the fire.
After what happened to Gate Cdr. Liu,
with no leaders or any motivation
to govern Jing City, the other officials
have become completely disorganized.
With the core pillar gone,
they've certainly lost the will
to run things.
I bet you can't imagine
how important I am in their hearts.
Gate Commander,
the Zheng family sent us here to help out.
Must be spies sent by the Zheng family.
Let's talk in private.
Thank you then.
We have to handle government business now.
Let's go.
Move, guys.
The Zheng family captured me
and locked me in a dungeon.
It was all because of this.
I nearly lost my life
due to this small piece of stone.
But still, I find
one thing strange.
What is it?
Think about it.
Suppose the Zheng family
just set that fire
at the Gate Commander Residence
to secretly seize power,
they could've taken complete control
of Jing City
after Elder Zheng died.
They didn't even
care for the gate commander.
Why would they try to
get hold of this official seal?
Right.
Is it their plan to take this post?
But even if they had this official seal,
they couldn't be the gate commander.
These days, I've been thinking
about this question as well, but it still
remains a tangled mess in my head.
Maybe they were trying to keep us
out of the city,
yet we would get in sooner or later.
Maybe they meant to eliminate all of us,
yet someone else besides us
would be sent over.
Why exactly did they
go to all that trouble?
Your Excellency,
what are you writing?
Give me your official seal.
"The gate commander hereby orders
that all taxes will be halved."
Why would you write this
at this particular time?
Watch this.
Indeed,
this truly is just a small piece of jade.
It can't be called an official seal.
At most,
holding it can prove one's identity.
Apart from that, nothing can be done.
Only when it's applied on paper
can it be called an official seal.
That is to say,
the Zheng family are actually
after the power behind the official seal.
Correct.
Gate Cdr. Liu,
where are the files kept?
All official files in Jing City
are in duplicate.
One is sent to the Archives,
and the other is kept here.
In recent months,
no one has even come to clean the place.
Although it's a bit messy here,
as long as the files are still around,
we will definitely find some clues.
We have to find out what those
in the Zheng family really want to do
with this official seal.
More importantly,
we must uncover
the mastermind behind all these incidents.
Make sure we catch them red-handed
so as to have them fully submit.
Without further ado,
let's get started.
Wait!
Alright.
There's no pomelo in it.
You may eat it now.
This is utterly improper.
Off you go!
Leave!
Get out of here already!
The more you disturb it,
the louder it gets.
This bird is just lost.
Oh right.
What do you want to see me about?
This isn't right.
This stamp isn't from your seal.
And this is from the one we brought here.
Take a look, everyone.
These two stamps are not the same.
On our way here,
the official seal
was chipped due to the bumpy road.
So the stamp looks like this.
But on the previous files,
the impressions are complete.
Then which documents were stamped
with the new official seal?
All of these are clearance records
at the pier.
The new official seal...
All of this is evidence
that after your "death,"
goods continued to be cleared at the pier.
A batch of supplies were being processed
at Jing City  port previously,
but the weight and price
reported by the staffers
didn't add up.
Such a thing usually happens
when someone tries to smuggle
stuff in, like salt, grain, poison,
iron, and so on.
That's why I put the paper aside
without stamping
the official seal on it.
I planned to check that batch out myself
when I had time.
But I forgot about it as I got busy.
Now, look,
there's already a stamp on it.
It means they took the official seal
specifically for this matter.
But what doesn't the Zheng family have?
Was it really worth so much effort
for some smuggled goods?
What could be so important
that they would risk their lives for?
Enough with the contemplation.
Those things couldn't have flown away,
could they?
We'll find out the truth
if we go take a look, right?
Exactly. The governor is right.
The Jing City dock grants clearance
on dates ending with five.
The supplies are highly likely
to be shipped in tonight.
Today, we should at least find out
where these items are going.
But it's extremely difficult
to gain access to the Zheng Residence.
Everyone, which one of you
is Gate Cdr. Fan?
I am.
The eldest young master
of the Zheng family
is hosting a banquet
at the Zheng Residence tomorrow
to welcome
the new gate commander of Jing City,
who shall assume office soon.
Gate Commander,
please do attend the event.
Here you are.
Now this has saved us much trouble.
They just gave us an invitation.
Alright.
Zheng Jin has invited me over.
Let's split up and take action.
I'd really love to find out what schemes
that the Zheng family is hatching.
Why wouldn't they invite
Tian Xing, who's also a gate commander?
Liu Mu has a point.
This must be a dangerous trip.
We should protect Fan Yun together.
You and Tian Xing will stand by outside.
Let's play it by ear.
No problem.
Tian Xing,
what about you?
Rest assured. I'm up for the task.
-Later...
-You...
You go first.
I just wanted to tell you
that I heard
this Dragon's Beard Candy is tasty.
Do you like to try some?
Sure.
What do you think?
It really is tasty.
I just meant to ask you
if you've decided
what to do with the banquet
in Jing City later.
I'm still thinking about it.
Hold there.
Easy on the pastry.
You've eaten much.
Are you sure you have room for more later?
Only when I am full
can I have the energy
to deal with Zheng Jin.
Besides,
I wouldn't dare eat anything
prepared by them.
Plus...
Look.
I've even brought my own wine.
You are quite alert.
I've also prepared something for you.
What is it?
What is this?
A trinket from the Western Regions
that I brought from home.
It was crafted by a master artisan.
Look.
When you shake one of the bells,
the other one will sound as well.
Really?
This time, you have to be extra cautious
when you cope with Zheng Jin.
If there is any danger,
just shake the bell.
Then I'll come to you immediately.
Got it?
Got it.
Eat up.
This is enough acting.
Don't push your luck
or forget who you really are.
So it's him.
Gate Cdr. Fan,
Eldest Young Master
is already waiting for you.
This way, please.
My Lady, are you saying
that just now,
someone whooshed past over there?
But
I didn't see anyone
or hear a whoosh.
You may leave now.
Unlicensed salt?
It's not a special kind of smuggled goods.